Fixed links (#4048)
knative/docs: .github/pull-request-template.md

has merged, remove the cherry-pick label from the original PR.

Use one of the new content templates:
- [Concept](docs/help/contributor/templates/template-concept.md) -- Conceptual topics explain how things
work or what things mean. They provide helpful context to readers. They do not include procedures.
- [Procedure](docs/help/contributor/templates/template-procedure.md) -- Procedural (how-to) topics
include detailed steps to perform a task as well as some context about the task.
- [Troubleshooting](docs/help/contributor/templates/template-troubleshooting.md) -- Troubleshooting
topics list common errors and solutions.
- [Blog](docs/help/contributor/templates/template-blog-entry.md) -- Instructions and a template that you
can use to help you post to the Knative blog.

> Consult [Knative contributor's guide](./help/contributor/readme.md) for all resources for contributing to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consult [Knative contributor's guide](https://knative.dev/docs/help/contributor/) for all resources for contributing to
```

Reviewer: I have another suggestion to fix this line below.

> Consult [Knative contributor's guide](./help/contributor/readme.md) for all resources for contributing to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consult [Knative contributor's guide](./help/contributor/README.md) for all resources for contributing to
```

Reviewer: I made two suggestions above, choose the one you think is best: 
1. Link to the website version of this page (https://knative.dev/docs/help/contributor/) instead of to GitHub 
2. Fix the GitHub link ([./help/contributor/README.md](https://github.com/knative/docs/tree/mkdocs/docs/help/contributor/README.md))  (lowercase "readme" doesn't seem to work).

> Consult [Knative contributor's guide](docs/help/contributor/readme.md) for all resources for contributing to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consult [Knative contributor's guide](https://knative.dev/docs/help/contributor) for all resources for contributing to
```
